FindSimilarIncidents script fix (#18966)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_6_60.md

#### Scripts
##### FindSimilarIncidents

> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.27799*.
> - Fixed an issue where query wasn't created in some cases.
> - Documentation and metadata improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where in some cases the incident query used for the search was malformed.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.27799*.
- Documentation and metadata improvements.
```
